# OSA

Open Source Agreements, including LICENSE, Contributors License Agreements (CLA), Patent Grant notice.

## About
This repo contains most of the legal stuff I need for my open source projects. 

## Choice of License
For most of my current and future open source projects, Apache License 2.0 is most preferred.
I will use Apache 2.0 and MIT dual license (like Rust) or BSD + Patent style license (like Go) for my future Go/Lumos/Rust projects.
I will probably also choose MIT License or BSD family licenses for some special reasons.
However, I will NEVER choose a license from GNU, such as _GPL_, _AGPL_, or _LGPL_,
unless that project is really nothing but trash.

## Patent Grant
The model of License + Patent Grants will be used to make sure that a project is strictly copyrighted by me or the company behind me. Usage of the code or binary is always granted unless patent infringement occurs.

See [PATENTS](PATENTS) for a template patent grant.

## Contributor License Agreement
CLA is used to make sure proper copyrights are transferred from the contributors to me or the company behind me, so that changes could be made freely in the future. 

See [CLA.md](CLA.md) for more details.


## Contribution
Please see [Contributing.md](Contributing.md).

#### To this project
The documents under this repo is not at all examined by a single lawyer. If you find any loopholes, please write privately to `i#rongyi.io` (:s/#/@/g), thanks.

## License
The markdown formatted License files in this repository (namely `Apache-v2.0.md`, `BSD-2.md`, `BSD-3.md`, `MIT.md`) are from [IQAndreas/markdown-licenses](https://github.com/IQAndreas/markdown-licenses) and are shared here under the terms of their original licenses.

The Contributor License Agreements in this repository are automatically generated by [Contributor Agreements](http://contributoragreements.org/).

The Patent grant is taken from [golang/go](https://github.com/golang/go) and all of google/go related text are replaced.

The website responsible for handling CLA signing is based on [CLA-Assistant](https://github.com/cla-assistant/cla-assistant).

Unless otherwise noted, files under this project are open source under the terms of Apache License Version 2.0.